Complete #1, #3 or #4, Remember to name files descriptively, complete the
Critical Thinking first before coding, upload the Critical Thinking, the .cpp
files, and a picture of the outputs.

1. Movie Data
  - Write a program that uses a structure named MovieData to store the following
    information about a movie:
    1. Title
    2. Director
    3. Year Released
    4. Running Time (in minutes)
  - The program should create two MovieData variables, store values in their
    members, and pass each one, in turn, to a function that displays the
    information about the movie in a clearly formatted manner.
3. Corporate Sales Data
  - Write a program that uses a structure to store the following data on a
    company division:
    1. Divison Name (such as East, West, North, or South)
    2. First-Quarter Sales
    3. Second-Quarter Sales
    4. Third-Quarter Sales
    5. Fourth-Quarter Sales
    6. Total Annual Sales
    7. Average Quarterly Sales
  - The program should use four variables of this structure. Each variable
    should represent one of the following corporate divisions: East, West,
    North, and South. The user should be asked for the four quarters’ sales
    figures for each division. Each division’s total and average sales should be
    calculated and stored in the appropriate member of each structure variable.
    These figures should then be displayed on the screen.
  - Input Validation: Do not accept negative numbers for any sales figures.
4. Weather Statistics
  - Write a program that uses a structure to store the following weather data
    for a particular month:
    1.Total Rainfall
    2.High Temperature
    3.Low Temperature
    4.Average Temperature
  - The program should have an array of 12 structures to hold weather data for
    an entire year. When the program runs, it should ask the user to enter data
    for each month. (The average temperature should be calculated.) Once the
    data are entered for all the months, the program should calculate and
    display the average monthly rainfall, the total rainfall for the year, the
    highest and lowest temperatures for the year (and the months they occurred
    in), and the average of all the monthly average temperatures.
  - Input Validation: Only accept temperatures within the range between –100 and
    +140 degrees Fahrenheit.
