(I am aware that I was supposed to just measure the number of chars, but I have
been programming for a long time and wanted to challenge myself.
The "byte length" outputted by this program is the number of chars.)

For basic ASCII strings, characters are equivalent to bytes.
That will be easy to measure--just loop through the string until you get to a
NULL, stop the loop, and return the index you stopped at.

However, modern terminals usually use UTF-8, which uses different numbers of
bytes to represent different characters. It would be very tedious to reliably
count what humans consider "characters," so I will instead count codepoints.

It is possible to have an invalid UTF-8 string.
In that case, I will return -(index + 1), where index is the index of the error.

If I understand correctly, the table at
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8#Encoding
shows the possible UTF-8 byte sequences.

I will check the relevant bits by masking out the others with bitwise AND.

I will have the UTF-8 length function take the number of bytes in the string as
an argument in order to skip the null check. Theoretically, this could allow it
to measure strings that contain null characters, though that won't happen in
this specifics program.

I will make both of these different functions, since they do different things
and have distinct use-cases.

I promise I thought most of this through before writing the code, but I did
realize later into writing that command-line arguments exist and would be more
convenient than reading the data from standard in, but this time, I actually
implemented that better idea.

I also had the program return the number of invalid strings passed, which will
almost always be zero but it's nice to have an error code since I have to return
something anyway!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

These were my test strings and their results.
Do not include the surrounding whitespace.
  Hello, world!
    13 bytes, 13 codepoints
    This containts only basic ASCII codepoints,
    but not all humans would consider a space a "character."
  Pokémon
    8 bytes, 7 codepoints
    The accented E is two bytes long.
  👹👹👹
    12 bytes, 3 codepoints
    The Japanese Ogres are 3 bytes each.
  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
    17 bytes, 11 codepoints
    When viewed in a font that renders it correctly the Lenny face looks like
    maybe five characters, but it actually uses several combining characters.
