Complete #1, or #2, Remember to name files descriptively, complete the Critical
Thinking first before coding, upload the Critical Thinking, the .cpp files, and
a picture of the outputs.

1. Numbers Class
  - Design a class Numbers that can be used to translate whole dollar amounts in
    the range 0 through 9999 into an English description of the number. For
    example, the number 713 would be translated into the string seven hundred
    thirteen, and 8203 would be translated into eight thousand two hundred
    three. The class should have a single integer member variable:

    int number;

    and a static array of string objects that specify how to translate key
    dollar amounts into the desired format. For example, you might use static
    strings such as

    string lessThan20[20] = {"zero", "one", ..., "eighteen", "nineteen"};

    string hundred = "hundred";

    string thousand = "thousand";

    The class should have a constructor that accepts a nonnegative integer and
    uses it to initialize the Numbers object. It should have a member function
    print() that prints the English description of the Numbers object.
    Demonstrate the class by writing a main program that asks the user to enter
    a number in the proper range then prints out its English description.

2. Day of the Year
  - Assuming a year has 365 days, write a class named DayOfYear that takes an
    integer representing a day of the year and translates it to a string
    consisting of the month followed by day of the month. For example,
    1. Day 2 would be January 2.
    2. Day 32 would be February 1.
    3. Day 365 would be December 31.

    The constructor for the class should take as parameter an integer
    representing the day of the year, and the class should have a member
    function print() that prints the day in the month–day format. The class
    should have an integer member variable to represent the day, and should
    have static member variables holding string objects that can be used to
    assist in the translation from the integer format to the month–day format.

    Test your class by inputting various integers representing days and printing
    out their representation in the month–day format.
